This project contains three files, as requested by the assignment for the capstone project 
for Harvard's EdX Data Science program.  These files are:

     -- MovieLensWriteup.Rmd  ## The markdown file to generate the figures, analysis, and 
        pdf version of the writeup.  Contains all the R code to generate the analysis, 
        figures, and final model.
  
     -- MovieLensWriteup.pdf  ## *.pdf writeup file. The most human-readable version. 
        Contains figures, text, and some of the R code required to generate the figures and 
        models, but some was left out for improved readability. In particular, retitive code 
        was omitted where possible.
  
     -- MovieLensWriteup.R  ## R script version created with knitr::purl(filename, documenation=2). 
       Contains much of the same text and code as the *.Rmd version, but in the format of an R 
       script file, with the explanations and knitr-specific code commented out.  Can be used to 
       create the final model and all intervening analysis and figures, just like the *.Rmd file.
  
The code is intended to run on R version 4.0.2 (2020-06-22) "Taking Off Again", tidyverse 1.3.0, 
ggplot2 3.3.2, dplyr 1.0.2. The code is not guaranteed to be backwards-compatible, so may 
generate errors or unexpected results if you try to run the code with an older version of R. 
Also, if you generate the *.pdf document on your own system, please be aware that it is set up 
for caching as much data as possible and will therefore create files on your system. Depending 
on your available memory, some of these files may be considered "large".

The writeup is quite long (50+ pages, though there are also many figures), so for a faster read, 
the Summary, Results and Conclusion should be sufficient to get the gist of the work done.  Many 
lines of code were not included in the final *.pdf document, so if you have any questions about 
how a figure was created or a result obtained, the complete code is included in both the *.Rmd 
document and in the *.R document.  
